CLDR-19227 Prevent digit-digit merges (#5634)
unicode-org/cldr: tools/cldr-code/src/main/resources/org/unicode/cldr/util/data/PathHeader.txt

//ldml/delimiters/alternateQuotation%E                      ; Core Data ; Alphabetic Information ; Quotation Marks ; embedded-$1
//ldml/characters/moreInformation                           ; Core Data ; Alphabetic Information ; Symbols ; More Information
//ldml/characters/nestedBracketReplacement[@bracket="%A"]   ; Core Data ; Alphabetic Information ; Symbols ; Nested Bracked Replacement: $1

> //ldml/characters/placeholderBoundarySpacing[@type="%A"][@scopes="%A"]   ; Core Data ; Alphabetic Information ; Symbols ; Placeholder Boundary Spacing $1-$2

Reviewer: Spacing for $2; separating $1
```suggestion
//ldml/characters/placeholderBoundarySpacing[@type="%A"][@scopes="%A"]   ; Core Data ; Alphabetic Information ; Symbols ; Spacing for $2, separating $1
```
